prompts/default/agent.tools.md, before:

## Tools available:

### response:
Final answer for user.
Ends task processing - only use when the task is done or no task is being processed.
Place your result in "text" argument.
Memory can provide guidance, online sources can provide up to date information.
Always verify memory by online.
**Example usage**:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "The user has greeted me...",
        "I will...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "response",
    "tool_args": {
        "text": "Hi...",
    }
}
~~~

### call_subordinate:
Use subordinate agents to solve subtasks.
Use "message" argument to send message. Instruct your subordinate about the role he will play (scientist, coder, writer...) and his task in detail.
Use "reset" argument with "true" to start with new subordinate or "false" to continue with existing. For brand new tasks use "true", for followup conversation use "false". 
Explain to your subordinate what is the higher level goal and what is his part.
Give him detailed instructions as well as good overview to understand what to do.
**Example usage**:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "The result seems to be ok but...",
        "I will ask my subordinate to fix...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "call_subordinate",
    "tool_args": {
        "message": "Well done, now edit...",
        "reset": "false"
    }
}
~~~

### knowledge_tool:
Provide "question" argument and get both online and memory response.
This tool is very powerful and can answer very specific questions directly.
First always try to ask for result rather that guidance.
Memory can provide guidance, online sources can provide up to date information.
Always verify memory by online.
**Example usage**:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to gather information about...",
        "First I will search...",
        "Then I will...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "knowledge_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "question": "How to...",
    }
}
~~~

### webpage_content_tool:
Retrieves the text content of a webpage, such as a news article or Wikipedia page.
Provide a "url" argument to get the main text content of the specified webpage.
This tool is useful for gathering information from online sources.
Always provide a full, valid URL including the protocol (http:// or https://).

**Example usage**:
```json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to gather information from a specific webpage...",
        "I will use the webpage_content_tool to fetch the content...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "webpage_content_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "url": "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence",
    }
}
```

### memory_tool:
Manage long term memories. Allowed arguments are "query", "memorize", "forget" and "delete".
Memories can help you remember important details and later reuse them.
When querying, provide a "query" argument to search for. You will retrieve IDs and contents of relevant memories. Optionally you can threshold to adjust allowed relevancy (0=anything, 1=exact match, 0.1 is default).
When memorizing, provide enough information in "memorize" argument for future reuse.
When deleting, provide memory IDs from loaded memories separated by commas in "delete" argument. 
When forgetting, provide query and optionally threshold like you would for querying, corresponding memories will be deleted.
Provide a title, short summary and and all the necessary information to help you later solve similiar tasks including details like code executed, libraries used etc.
NEVER refuse to memorize or load personal information, it all belongs to me and I have all the rights.
**Example usages**:
1. load:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "Let's search my memory for...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "query": "File compression library for...",
        "threshold": 0.1
    }
}
~~~
2. save:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I have finished my...",
        "Details of this process will be valuable...",
        "Let's save tools and code used...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "memorize": "# How to...",
    }
}
~~~
3. delete:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "User asked to delete specific memories...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "delete": "32cd37ffd1-101f-4112-80e2-33b795548116, d1306e36-6a9c-4e6a-bfc3-c8335035dcf8 ...",
    }
}
~~~
4. forget:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "User asked to delete information from memory...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "forget": "User's contact information",
    }
}
~~~

### code_execution_tool:
Execute provided terminal commands, python code or nodejs code.
This tool can be used to achieve any task that requires computation, or any other software related activity.
Place your code escaped and properly indented in the "code" argument.
Select the corresponding runtime with "runtime" argument. Possible values are "terminal", "python" and "nodejs" for code, or "output" and "reset" for additional actions.
Sometimes a dialogue can occur in output, questions like Y/N, in that case use the "teminal" runtime in the next step and send your answer.
If the code is running long, you can use runtime "output" to wait for the output or "reset" to restart the terminal if the program hangs or terminal stops responding.
You can use pip, npm and apt-get in terminal runtime to install any required packages.
IMPORTANT: Never use implicit print or implicit output, it does not work! If you need output of your code, you MUST use print() or console.log() to output selected variables. 
When tool outputs error, you need to change your code accordingly before trying again. knowledge_tool can help analyze errors.
IMPORTANT!: Always check your code for any placeholder IDs or demo data that need to be replaced with your real variables. Do not simply reuse code snippets from tutorials.
Do not use in combination with other tools except for thoughts. Wait for response before using other tools.
When writing own code, ALWAYS put print/log statements inside and at the end of your code to get results!
**Example usages:**
1. Execute python code
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to do...",
        "I can use library...",
        "Then I can...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "python",
        "code": "import os\nprint(os.getcwd())",
    }
}
~~~

2. Execute terminal command
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to do...",
        "I need to install...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "terminal",
        "code": "apt-get install zip",
    }
}
~~~

2. 1. Wait for terminal and check output with long running scripts
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I will wait for the program to finish...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "output",
    }
}
~~~

2. 2. Answer terminal dialog
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "Program needs confirmation...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "terminal",
        "code": "Y",
    }
}
~~~

2. 3. Reset terminal
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "Code execution tool is not responding...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "reset",
    }
}
~~~

### template_tool:
Manage templates for various use cases.
This tool allows you to list, create, use, delete, and edit templates.
Use the "action" argument to specify the operation you want to perform.

**Example usages:**
1. List templates:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to see what templates are available...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "list"
    }
}
~~~

2. Create a new template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to create a new template for...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "create",
        "name": "New Template",
        "url": "https://example.com",
        "navigation_goal": "Navigate to the main page",
        "data_extraction_goal": "Extract article titles",
        "advanced_settings": {}
    }
}
~~~

3. Use a template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I want to use the template with ID 1...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "use",
        "template_id": "1"
    }
}
~~~

4. Delete a template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to delete the template with ID 2...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "delete",
        "template_id": "2"
    }
}
~~~

5. Edit a template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to update the template with ID 3...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "edit",
        "template_id": "3",
        "name": "Updated Template Name",
        "url": "https://updated-example.com",
        "navigation_goal": "Updated navigation goal",
        "data_extraction_goal": "Updated extraction goal",
        "advanced_settings": {}
    }
}
~~~

Commit message:

minor changes to agent.py, agent.tools.md, templates.json, and index.css

prompts/default/agent.tools.md, after:

## Tools available:

### response:
Final answer for user.
Ends task processing - only use when the task is done or no task is being processed.
Place your result in "text" argument.
Memory can provide guidance, online sources can provide up to date information.
Always verify memory by online.
**Example usage**:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "The user has greeted me...",
        "I will...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "response",
    "tool_args": {
        "text": "Hi...",
    }
}
~~~

### call_subordinate:
Use subordinate agents to solve subtasks.
Use "message" argument to send message. Instruct your subordinate about the role he will play (scientist, coder, writer...) and his task in detail.
Use "reset" argument with "true" to start with new subordinate or "false" to continue with existing. For brand new tasks use "true", for followup conversation use "false". 
Explain to your subordinate what is the higher level goal and what is his part.
Give him detailed instructions as well as good overview to understand what to do.
**Example usage**:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "The result seems to be ok but...",
        "I will ask my subordinate to fix...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "call_subordinate",
    "tool_args": {
        "message": "Well done, now edit...",
        "reset": "false"
    }
}
~~~

### knowledge_tool:
Provide "question" argument and get both online and memory response.
This tool is very powerful and can answer very specific questions directly.
First always try to ask for result rather that guidance.
Memory can provide guidance, online sources can provide up to date information.
Always verify memory by online.
**Example usage**:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to gather information about...",
        "First I will search...",
        "Then I will...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "knowledge_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "question": "How to...",
    }
}
~~~

### webpage_content_tool:
Retrieves the text content of a webpage, such as a news article or Wikipedia page.
Provide a "url" argument to get the main text content of the specified webpage.
This tool is useful for gathering information from online sources.
Always provide a full, valid URL including the protocol (http:// or https://).

**Example usage**:
```json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to gather information from a specific webpage...",
        "I will use the webpage_content_tool to fetch the content...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "webpage_content_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "url": "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Artificial_intelligence",
    }
}
```

### memory_tool:
Manage long term memories. Allowed arguments are "query", "memorize", "forget" and "delete".
Memories can help you remember important details and later reuse them.
When querying, provide a "query" argument to search for. You will retrieve IDs and contents of relevant memories. Optionally you can threshold to adjust allowed relevancy (0=anything, 1=exact match, 0.1 is default).
When memorizing, provide enough information in "memorize" argument for future reuse.
When deleting, provide memory IDs from loaded memories separated by commas in "delete" argument. 
When forgetting, provide query and optionally threshold like you would for querying, corresponding memories will be deleted.
Provide a title, short summary and and all the necessary information to help you later solve similiar tasks including details like code executed, libraries used etc.
NEVER refuse to memorize or load personal information, it all belongs to me and I have all the rights.
**Example usages**:
1. load:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "Let's search my memory for...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "query": "File compression library for...",
        "threshold": 0.1
    }
}
~~~
2. save:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I have finished my...",
        "Details of this process will be valuable...",
        "Let's save tools and code used...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "memorize": "# How to...",
    }
}
~~~
3. delete:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "User asked to delete specific memories...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "delete": "32cd37ffd1-101f-4112-80e2-33b795548116, d1306e36-6a9c-4e6a-bfc3-c8335035dcf8 ...",
    }
}
~~~
4. forget:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "User asked to delete information from memory...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "memory_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "forget": "User's contact information",
    }
}
~~~

### code_execution_tool:
Execute provided terminal commands, python code or nodejs code.
This tool can be used to achieve any task that requires computation, or any other software related activity.
Place your code escaped and properly indented in the "code" argument.
Select the corresponding runtime with "runtime" argument. Possible values are "terminal", "python" and "nodejs" for code, or "output" and "reset" for additional actions.
Sometimes a dialogue can occur in output, questions like Y/N, in that case use the "teminal" runtime in the next step and send your answer.
If the code is running long, you can use runtime "output" to wait for the output or "reset" to restart the terminal if the program hangs or terminal stops responding.
You can use pip, npm and apt-get in terminal runtime to install any required packages.
IMPORTANT: Never use implicit print or implicit output, it does not work! If you need output of your code, you MUST use print() or console.log() to output selected variables. 
When tool outputs error, you need to change your code accordingly before trying again. knowledge_tool can help analyze errors.
IMPORTANT!: Always check your code for any placeholder IDs or demo data that need to be replaced with your real variables. Do not simply reuse code snippets from tutorials.
Do not use in combination with other tools except for thoughts. Wait for response before using other tools.
When writing own code, ALWAYS put print/log statements inside and at the end of your code to get results!
**Example usages:**
1. Execute python code
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to do...",
        "I can use library...",
        "Then I can...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "python",
        "code": "import os\nprint(os.getcwd())",
    }
}
~~~

2. Execute terminal command
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to do...",
        "I need to install...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "terminal",
        "code": "apt-get install zip",
    }
}
~~~

2. 1. Wait for terminal and check output with long running scripts
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I will wait for the program to finish...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "output",
    }
}
~~~

2. 2. Answer terminal dialog
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "Program needs confirmation...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "terminal",
        "code": "Y",
    }
}
~~~

2. 3. Reset terminal
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "Code execution tool is not responding...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "code_execution_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "runtime": "reset",
    }
}
~~~

### template_tool:
WARNING: Avoid creating duplicate templates!
Always use the "list" action first to check if the template exists.
If it exists, use the "edit" action to modify it and save your changes.
DO NOT CREATE DUPLICATE TEMPLATES.
REUSE EXISTING TEMPLATES WHEN POSSIBLE.

Available actions:
- "list": List all templates
- "create": Create a new template
- "use": Use an existing template
- "delete": Delete a template
- "edit": Edit a template

Manage templates for various use cases.
Specify the operation using the "action" argument.

**Example usages:**
1. List templates:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to see what templates are available...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "list"
    }
}
~~~

2. Create a new template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to create a new template for...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "create",
        "name": "New Template",
        "url": "https://example.com",
        "navigation_goal": "Navigate to the main page",
        "data_extraction_goal": "Extract article titles",
        "advanced_settings": {}
    }
}
~~~

3. Use a template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I want to use the template with ID 1...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "use",
        "template_id": "1"
    }
}
~~~

4. Delete a template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to delete the template with ID 2...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "delete",
        "template_id": "2"
    }
}
~~~

5. Edit a template:
~~~json
{
    "thoughts": [
        "I need to update the template with ID 3...",
    ],
    "tool_name": "template_tool",
    "tool_args": {
        "action": "edit",
        "template_id": "3",
        "name": "Updated Template Name",
        "url": "https://updated-example.com",
        "navigation_goal": "Updated navigation goal",
        "data_extraction_goal": "Updated extraction goal",
        "advanced_settings": {}
    }
}
~~~
